Chapter 2 Book Seal
2023-01-28 Author: Radish scale scale
Chapter 2 Book Seal
"Sorry, Lord Tali, Sam, Dicken, let you wait for a long time."
Margaret lifted his skirt, slightly brought a slightly gift, and the bright smile on his face made the entire Cavaliers hall as if it was a little brightened.
Samwell only glanced and lowered his head again.
The beauty in front of him was not what he could.
At least he can't do it now.
The younger brother Dicken looked at the delicate rose in front of him, and didn't realize how rude his behavior was.
Earl Lan Dao coughing lightly, awakening the second son of the lost soul, and then asked Margley:
"I don't know when the Duke will come?"
Margaret's face was ashamed: "My father is uncomfortable today and can't come, I'm sorry."
Earl Lan Dao frowned slightly: "In this case, then change it."
Margaret shook her head, took out a volume of handwriting from behind, and laughed:
"No need to change the date. My father has signed the pioneering order and commissioned me to transfer."
"But what about the book?"
"I also replaced my father to block."
As soon as this remark came out, the Cavaliers' Hall was quietly quiet.
Dicken still did not respond stupidly, but the Count Lan Dao and Samwell have already understood that Duke Mess's deliberately made excuses.
In fact, this is not too unexpected.
After so many years of development and operation of Hewan, there is not much no place for the owner. If you really want to open up, you can only go to the barren land near the frontier, such as the Chichanshan Range.
But there are real poor mountains and waters, coupled with the rampant of mountain thieves and bandits, not to mention whether there is a pioneering value. The difficulty of establishing a territory there is not a dare to challenge.
The reputation of the cowardly eldest son of the Tali family is not a secret in the Hewan aristocratic circle. No one will think that Samwell is qualified and capable of pioneering a new territory.
The Duke of Mess was obviously reluctant to grant a pioneering order to such a person.
This time, it wasn't one of the most important Feng ministers of the Tilil family -the Count Lan Dao came to ask for himself, and Duke Mess would not let go of this.
However, the awarding order order also means that Samwell will become the Duke of Metis, so it is reasonable to say that the Duke of Mess should personally register Samwell Tali as the pioneering knight.
However, the Duke is obviously reluctant to accept Samwell as his own knight.
Therefore, he deliberately pretended not to come forward in person, but sent his daughter to seal Samwell and awarded a pioneering order.
In fact, Count Lan Dao can also understand Duke Mess's embarrassment. I knew my nose.
But Margaret ...
What qualifications does she have a knight?
Such humiliation, even if the Count Lan Dao hates his eldest son, feels unacceptable.
He stared coldly at Margaret without concealing his anger.
Margaret's exquisite face still hangs a soft and innocent smile, as if she didn't understand where the anger of the Count Lan Dao came from at all.
As the atmosphere gradually became stagnant, the party Samwell suddenly broke the deadlock:
"That being the case, then there is Miss Laomali."
In the face of humiliation, Samwell was of course angry, but he also understood that the weakness of the weak was not worth mentioning.
Moreover, he did not forget the biggest purpose of his trip — to get a pioneering order.
He didn't want to lose the real important thing for the ridiculous dignity.
The ups and downs that had experienced previous lives made him learn for a long time when it was necessary.
Margaret heard a word of surprise at Samwell's eyes, and then laughed:
"Okay, let's start."
Earl Lan Dao glanced at his son with his eyes with hate and steel, and seemed to be saying, "You are willing to accept a woman's booking"?
But Samwell himself agreed, and he couldn't say anything more.
Margaret went to the ladder in the front row of the hall, while Samwell kneeling on one knee in front of the steps.
A light beam was directly shot from the Liuli Sky Window, which just enveloped the two, adding a little sacred atmosphere to the upcoming ritual.
Samwell pulled out the long sword around his waist and raised his head with both hands.
Margaret just wanted to get it, but heard the Count Lan Road suddenly said:
"Book of the blood of the Tali family should use this [broken heart]."
——
Earl Lan Dao said that he pulled out the giant sword on his waist and handed it to Margaret.
This giant sword [broken heart] created by Valellia has passed on the Tali family for more than 500 years and weighs more than thirty pounds. Normal people are working hard, let alone the use of the battle to fight. Essence
As for the lady who is used to raising ... I may not have mentioned this giant sword.
Obviously, Count Lan Dao's move was to make the high court rose ugly and vent his dissatisfaction in his heart.
Facing the intention of the Count Lan Road, Margaret did not shrink back, but smiled slightly, stretched out white and slender hands.
Ding-- 
The tip of the sword hit the marble floor, but fortunately, the horn handle was firmly held in Margaren's hands.
She took a deep breath and used her strength to raise the giant sword and placed on Samwell's shoulders.
"Huh -The inheritance of the Tali family is really unusual. No wonder the Earl can be invincible by the vertical and horizontal sand field."
After these words, the Count Lan Dao was embarrassed to say anything, but just hummed and retreated a few steps to stand.
Margaret looked down at the knight half -kneeling in front of him, and was about to start reading the vow, but suddenly remembered something, and asked:
"By the way, Sam, do you plan to continue using the original family name, or change a new one?"
After becoming a pioneering lord, Samwell can indeed change a new family name to separate the Tali family with the Talisman.
Samwell heard the words, but did not answer immediately.
He still lowered his head, and his body began to tremble slightly.
Seeing this, Margaret thought that the other party was uncomfortable by the giant sword, so she slightly helped to share some weight.
In fact, Samwell was not trembling by the sword at all, but trembling because of excitement.
Because he saw a block word for three months!
These words that do not belong to this alien world appear in the lower right corner of his vision after the beginning of the booking ceremony. It must be very hard to see clearly:
Samwell Tali
Jue: Pioneering Knight
Territory: None
Feng Chen: None
Power: 1.08
Agile: 0.52
Spirit: 1.12
What's this?
Is it a attribute panel?
Samwell's heart was ecstatic.
This joy fell like a boulder, shattered his forbearance that he had been reluctant to maintain since he passed through.
At this moment, the anger, fear, humiliation, worry that had been suppressed for a long time ... rolling in his chest, brewing a inexplicable emotion, as if it was going to spit out.
If he said before, he just wanted to be familiar with the plot, there were ease of all the forces, or holding a thick thigh and waiting for flying, then now, he suddenly rose to a wild look--
To that twisted ugly, full of sharp corners, the wildness of the iron throne made of thousands of sharp swords melted!
"I think about the new family name." Samwell raised his head again, his eyes looked directly at the cold brown eyes of Margaren's deer along the cold giant sword.
"Caesar!
From now on, I am Samwell Caesar! "
Margaret stunned.
Some moment just now, she seemed to see the flame jumping from the man in front of her.
But soon, she cleaned up again and confirmed that there was no precedent for this new family name, so she smiled slightly towards Samwell, and her tone became extremely solemn:
"I, Margaret Tilier, the daughter of Mess Tilier, in the name of the Governor of Hewan, guarding the south, and the Duke of the Gaoting, the Gao Ting Duke, the Gao Ting, to seal Samwell Caesar as the pioneering knight.
All the landless places in Hewan can be developed by the 伱, and all the people who have no collagen can be sheltered. May the Father give you upright, hope that the Virgin will give you kindness, I hope the soldiers will give you courage, hope that the old man will give you wisdom, and may you give you the power of the monster to defeat all enemies! "
"I, Samwell Caesar, under the witness of the Seven Gods, swears the hero of the Holy Ancestor 'Green Hand' Gals, and dedicate loyalty to the Duke of Great Mess! From now on, your will is me. With the belief, your sword refers to the direction of my progress!
I will protect this glory with life! "
(This chapter is finished)