Chapter 1
2023-01-28 Author: Radish scale scale
Chapter 1
At the end of February, the river bay was like fire, and even the air was distorted by burning.
This long summer has lasted for seven years, and all the memories and vigilance about the cold winter have gradually disappeared from people's hearts.
Follow the beautiful Rose Avenue all the way south to the intersection with the Binhai Avenue, and you can see the most beautiful city of the Mandlo continental on a hill on the Mande River-
High court.
In the castle made of white marble, exquisite sculptures, chic fountains, and blooming flowers can be seen everywhere. Of course, gold roses must be indispensable.
They are symbols of the owner of this castle, the Tilier family.
"Dang, Dang, Dang ..."
With the melodious bell, the three figures walked through the winding promenade and walked into the Cavaliers' Hall.
The coat of the three people's chest was not a golden rose, but a hunter with a bow--
This is the coat of the Tali family.
The person headed by him looked forty years old, with a serious complexion, unsmiling, with short -haired beards, wearing dark green silk dresses in inlaid with white fur, and a heavy sword with heavy hands on his waist.
This person is the Lord of the Lingling, Count Lan Dao Tali.
Behind him is his two sons--
The eldest son Samwell Tali, the second son Dicken Tali.
Both of them inherited their father's dark hair, gray pupils, tall figures, etc., but Samwell was too fat, and the Tali family had a tough features, and there was no strictness on his fat face.
Due to the hot weather, the aristocratic dress on his body almost couldn't breathe.
But he did not dare to unbutton the neckline, and could only suffer.
The three stood in the center of the Cavaliers and waited quietly.
Time passed by little by little, Dicken seemed a little impatient. Looking at the brother who was stunned beside him, he couldn't help but whispered:
"What are you looking at?" 
Samwell replied casually: "Stone pillars."
"What's so good about Shizhu?"
"This is not the ordinary stone pillar." Samwell's mouth was slightly uplifting, and the memory of memories flashed in his eyes.
"Belly poet? Wow, brother, did you steal out last night and drink ..."
"Quiet!" Earl Lan Dao glanced back at the two brothers.
Dicken closed his mouth.
Samwell lowered his head, but there was a touch of loneliness and stunning in his eyes.
When he came to this world for three months, his loneliness increased day by day.
But when he learned that it was the Mainlo continent, and after he became the eldest son of the Tali family, he had no mood Gu Ying.
Because Samwell Tali was the eldest son of the Earl, he was disgusted by his biological father.
As one of the best generals of the Vistro mainland, the brilliant record of the Count Lan Dao is endless. The most famous of which is during the war of widows. In the Laibabu, the brave king tasted the only defeat in the battle career.
Such a proud and martial arts, naturally unable to tolerate his heirs as a cowardly fat man.
Although Samwell is not in use, he is actually very smart, knowledgeable, and compassionate ... However, in the perspective of Earl Blue Road, the heirs of the family must be a heroic warrior, not a wise bachelor.
Samwell is also very clear. According to the original plot, in the near future, he will be forced to go to the Nervic Great Wall as a "no wife, no child, no land" by the Great Wall of Destruction. Let the younger brother who is more favored by his father.
He certainly didn't want to go to that ghost place.
When I first crossed, Samwell tried to change it all.
He began to control food, worked hard to exercise, and studied sword equestrian carefully, and wanted to use this to restore his image in his father's heart.
Of course, just as his fatty meat can be reduced in a short time, it is not a matter of overnight to reverse the deep -rooted image of the county's heart.
Before Samwell made a progress, his efforts were interrupted by a horse falling accident.
Fortunately, Samwell's ride was not fast at the time, and he had fat as a buffer. The accident did not ask for his life, but he just let him lie on the bed for more than a month.
The family equestrian teacher said it was an accident.
Samwell believes that someone has done hands and feet on his saddle.
Obviously, some people do not want to see the eldest son of the Tali family rejuvenated.
Samwell didn't know who he was on his own, but there was a rough guess.
Count Lan Dao disdain to play with this kind of private means. Even if he wants to force his son to give up the right to inherit, he will speak directly.
His brother Dicken is just a thirteen -year -old fart. If he can have such a somber, ruthless means, and superb acting skills at this age, I am afraid that in the future, I will have the opportunity to compete for the iron throne, not like the drama. Silently.
However, although it is unlikely to be done by my brother, it should be the person around his brother.
Samwell has been a waste for too long. Not only is the Count Lan Dao who has already abandoned it, but many people in the family have long regarded Dicken as the lord of the future.
Therefore, unlike no one who asks and isolated, Samwell, Dicken involved too many benefits, and he had gathered a group of loyalty.
If Samwell continues to be a waste and can live until the day when he is forced by his father to be a nightman, if you want to rejuvenate and compete for the inheritance of the horn, you will immediately usher in a continuous crackdown, and even assassinate the assassination. Intersection
After experiencing this, Samwell finally realized that he had completely lost the opportunity in the battle of this inheritance right. Now it is too late to reverse the situation, and it will face great risks.
In this case, giving up is the most wise choice.
What's more, with the familiarity of the plot, he has already mastered the biggest bargaining chips in the game that is about to start. What about the battle.
Of course, even if he gave up, he had to grasp the initiative and took the opportunity to grab reasonable interests, instead of continuing to return to the original cowardly appearance, and waited for the day when his father was forced to go to the Great Wall.
So after the injury, Samwell took the initiative to find his father and asked him to ask him for the governor of Hewan, and Duke Mess asked for a pioneering order.
When Earl Lan Dao heard the eldest son's request for the first time, he thought he had heard it wrong.
He never thought that his timid and cowardly son had such courage and courage.
However, after the Count Lan Dao thought for a moment, he agreed.
Because Samwell went to open up a new territory, it would take the initiative to give up the right to inherit the Lingling, which is what the Count Lan Dao has always wanted to see.
Of course, he doesn't feel that his waste eldest son is really capable of developing a new area.
But this is not important.
Even if the son died on the way to pioneering, he would not feel heartache, but he would be relieved because of this -this is the destination of a man of a man of a Tali family.
As a result, there was a trip to the high court of the father and son.
Da Da ...
The crisp foot sound sounded.
When Samwell turned around, he saw a fiery figure walking into the Hall of the Cavaliers.
It was a cute girl with brown eyes like a forest deer.
A red silk waist long skirt, highlighting her well -tall body curve, the soft brown curly hair is scattered on the smooth shoulder, and the skin that is as white as snow is more crystal, and it is exquisite and charming. The facial features have unforgettable unique charm at first sight.
She is the daughter of Duke Mess, "High Court Rose", Margaret Tilier.
(This chapter is finished)